We've talked a little bit about how, but why is automated testing so important?
It helps us to not reintroduce bugs back into our code base.
It's not uncommon now for us to work in a concurrent
work mode. Speaking of concurrency,
this image is actually the check‑ins that I had for my
own source code just while creating this course. You can
see multiple check‑in points,
not to mention that I have multiple branches too. You
can have code and production, testing,
development, all these different places and then realize
that you need to fix something that is currently in a
different state, such as production.
I can run my tests against each branch and verify that nothing
is broken or reintroduced into our product.
And another reason why Selenium and WebDriver is such a great solution is
that it tests like an end user does inside the browser.
Unlike some other testing tools, such as unit tests and integration tests,
automated tests through the browser are how the end
user sees and uses the application.
And the last point that I wanted to talk about is that
automated tests provide us two other benefits.
First, they make us clarify our business requirements.
What I mean by this is that if you can't tell me how we can clearly test this,
then how can we develop it, or more to the point,
how can I know that we are done developing it? And second, the tests aren't up for interpretation, hey are exact and measured.